# Design
  Firstly, we chose to use the nav bar to navigate efficiently around the site. We chose to put it on the top of the webpage to make it aesthetically pleasing and to not take away the symmetry of the page. We chose to make it not scroll with the page so that it would not get in the way or distract from the rest of the page. We chose to put the words on the right because we thought it looked better. We first worked on the Home page and we decided to put a background picture in. We got the picture from Ducks Market's facebook page. We put a black cover over the image and put it in the background. We then put the lines above and under Duck's Market. We moved on to the other pages, but we had a problem reading the words on top of the image. So we put a background behind the words to make it more visible. We then added curves to the background. The next thing we did was add pictures under the information to give a visual representation of the product. After doing all that, we encountered the problem of our background image repeating. So we set it to where it moved with the user. Which gives the illusion that it is still and everything else is scrolling. We next decided that the nav bar wasn't spoofed enough. So we added a hover animation to it with a slight curve to add depth. We chose gray because we felt it went along with the background image. The background image has lots of different colors providing a contrast with the gray. We chose the white font color to contrast with the gray and make it easy to read. We chose the font to make it easy to read without it being an eyesore. We used the font Overlock for the paragraphs and sub-titles and we used PT Sans Caption for the titles.
